# Build agreement

Riffing off your idea of the meeting from hell I thought of a game where we are story tellers giving them objectives (dungeonmaster style??? aww yeah) and they each have a secret agenda and they have to achieve those objectives as a team. Really simple stuff, where they have to work something out. Four people, loosely labeled the tester/dev/designer/mananger, but activities sometimes favor a skill and sometimes don't, in order to emphasize the point of fluidity in roles. We could even have big team objectives, and at each stage each member has his/her own personal objective.

For example we're working on a project, each team has four members. We need to get started. The developer needs to make a github repo, the tester needs to make sure the repo name isn't longer than 10 characters, the designer needs to get either a color or an animal name in, and the manager needs it to include one of 'llc', 'corp', 'limited', 'enterprise'. The team now needs to decide on a name for their project.

I'm also thinking of something evil like telling managers they get extra points or some bonus for getting certain words on there, like "enterprise" which isn't possible because it violates the 10-character limit. Something simple like the first team to get "enterprise" in wins the game, otherwise it's whoever gets the most points based on the agendas each player has been given. Let's see how long it takes the manager to figure out that they *can't* win the game that way, of course without telling any of the other roles about that dangling carrot.

We could use that as a general game structure and have different scenarios. Each round the team has an objective, each role has personal objectives (sometimes they pair...), and we have things in the personal objectives that trip people up. Sometimes there is a real bonus, sometimes it obstructs with another person's objective, or sometimes mutual objectives combine for a new bonus.
